I was wondering when they were gonna
play them off isn't talkshow supposed to
be like kind of an American thing now
I'm nothing about me but just some of
the other guys you know coming up on the
show
can I help you what do you want just
calm down man I missed the last category
did you win
you know we didn't win all right that's
a bummer the Emmy for the road that bit
makes a lot of sense but you must be
really bummed out yeah I'm a little
disappointed thank you so you're not not
gonna get a trophy no I don't get a
trophy then are you finished
Don wait who did get a trophy who won
John Oliver he's just I don't know what
do you mean yes yes they know I knew I
had him in my pool
you mind if I continue with the show no
I mean I'm sorry but what am i doing I
mean this is so humiliating
I'm sorry I mean you lost and now you
gotta stand out here for the rest of the
night with everybody that's really know
I mean when you probably just want to go
home and curl up and cry but let's say
can we cheer Jimmy up how about he's a
big loser
[Applause]
no you're not a big loser we're a you're
a pretty big loser
you're a pretty bit and I for one I'm
really I'm sorry about that and I think
everybody else here feels really sorry
for you come here come on thanks I
really appreciate your concern you bring
it in okay I'll see you later at the the
after-party there's an after-party
nevermind oh hey Jimmy
yeah tell your mom I like them apples
third one Jason Bourne thanks for
watching if you liked that subscribe to
our YouTube channel for all the latest
videos and if you didn't subscribe
anyway it's free who cares